hey guys welcome to Hilah cooking don't
you just love corndogs I do today we're
going to make homemade corn dogs with
homemade batter and we're gonna homemade
frying and our homemade deep fryer it's
actually a deep breath that I bought but
anyway let's do it
[Music]
alright I'm Cymbeline the batter in here
I have cornmeal flour baking soda big
and salt wait
baking salt baking powder and salt and
then I'm mixing my wet ingredients here
the recipe calls for buttermilk but I
didn't have any because I screwed up I'm
sorry but I put regular milk in and just
added like a teaspoon of vinegar voila
buttermilk now I'm gonna grate third of
a cup of onion okay so I'm gonna use a
microplane because I like it super
little but if you want little chunks you
could use a bigger grater or you can
dice it with your knife or you could put
it in the blender or you could put it in
a bag maybe and then hit it with a
hammer a bunch and pulverize it like a
Hulk would you I don't know how
effective that would be but it might be
fun now this is not going to be 1/3 of a
cup by the time I'm done because it's so
amazingly mashed but that's ok because I
know that that hunk of onion that I cut
off was about a third of a cup worth of
onion and volume so we'll still get the
same amount of onions believer ok
whatever put that in with my homemade
buttermilk and I'm crying because it's
so good get that little bit in there and
then 8 ounces of this this is a 14 ounce
can so that means just a little bit more
than half the can I think you guys tell
me if I'm wrong cuz math was not my
strong subject just kidding I was pretty
good at math okay just combine that
together
and then we'll pour this into our big
bowl of dry ingredients and whisk it
together to combine you sound gross here
I go now you don't know mix it too much
if there's still some lumps that's ok
just get all the dry stuff from the
bottom ok this looks good and the set it
aside to rest while my oil heats up in
that 10 minutes the corn cornmeal is
going to absorb the liquid the batter's
gonna really thicken up a lot so it's
very important for thickening and also
just soften the cornmeal granule so you
don't get real gritty batter if it's too
thick when you're done you can add a
little bit more milk but we'll we'll
check out that out and right now I'm
going to get some dogs on some sticks
and get some oil hot yeah yeah ok we
ready to make some corn dogs I got my
fry daddy I got a bunch of shortening
I'm gonna put in here you can use peanut
oil but I personally like shortening
because it's easier to clean up and also
I love trans fats and heart disease just
kidding I whatever it's once a year I'm
not going to kill myself this way
probably not um
this Friday day that I have only has one
heat temperature on and I have no I lost
the manual so I don't know what
temperature it fries at but um fries to
golden-brown temperature that's what I'm
talking about
so this whole thing goes in here alright
and put some paper down because I don't
want to get oil all over my fancy
countertops that I just bought so you
could put it up normally I put an old
towel down but I don't know where that
old towel went that's clean who wants to
lick the canister ok I'm going to plug
this baby in like so
and that's going to start heating up
right away and in the meantime I have my
dogs and I have them on a plate of
cornmeal our corn starch and that's
important because that's going to help
the batter stick to them so you just
want to like roll them around the
cornstarch and and then stab them with
the stick like they're vampire and then
stick this gently gently do not want to
puncture the sidewalls of the hotdogs
just keep it going straight and easy
just easing it in just easing it in
easing it in you should look at your hot
dog when you're doing this but I'm a pro
so I can look at the camera and do it
okay all right I'm gonna do a couple of
these while that well heats up it's
already melting real good last insertion
I should be a wiener surgeon okay I'm
just gonna get these all covered in my
um stuff oh I lied a little bit too this
is actually sweet rice flour because I
ran out of cornmeal but usually it's
cornmeal but I've tried this before too
and it works so give me a break
either way I don't really know what else
to do a sweet rice flour besides uses to
make American corn dogs I'm gonna rinse
my hands that's heating up I'm gonna
check the actually F rinsing my hands I
love Maine II juice on my hands I'm
gonna check the consistency alright this
might be a team at sake but actually as
I stirred it's loosening up a little bit
so I'm gonna not add any milk for now
and try one and if the batter falls off
then somebody else has to eat that one
alright I remembered that I have a deep
fry thermometer so get your oil hot to a
375 this is 370 but it's been at that
for a while so I give up
close enough
all right I'm gonna dip a dog so put it
in like that and then use a spoon to
sort of scoop the batter give it a
little twirl get it totally coated all
right I put a little spin and then put
it in there just twirl it around in
there
and see it's already getting nice and
golden-brown and it gets real lumpy not
going to look like the ones that you get
at the State Fair but it's going to
taste a hundred times better okay
apparently I have absolutely no sense of
time because it's been one minute and
that looks pretty beautifully Brown to
me so I'm gonna set it on that paper to
drain them for a second and it's fun
because you can imagine what kinds of
weird shapes and faces are in your
Lumpy's that kind of looks like boobs
all over it to me a bunch of boobs okay
perfect now I'm going to eat this one
that's been cooling for a little while
dip in my secret sauce
I love corn dogs mmm be careful if you
give this to a small child because
there's a stabby part in it so let's
learn kids be careful when you eat mmm
you can make a rum corn dogs because
this is merica okay I'm going to finish
eating my corn dog but if you want the
actual written down instructions you can
check out Hilah cooking calm and leave
me some comments stuff and be my fan on
Facebook and then we'll be BFF forever
[Music]